they're useful there their meat their
bones their claws their gallbladders and
the bottom rich put together makes them
one of the most valuable species
currently walking around the forest in
Southeast Asia mother bear's are being
slaughtered both for their body parts
and also to get to their cubs which are
then sold into the illegal wildlife
trade
[Music]
have they will come out of bears that
were in the wild yeah they're all wild
bears yeah yeah
babar farm is a place that keeps large
numbers of bears in very small cages and
Bev our farms certainly in this part of
the world don't breed animals they
remove animals from the wild to extract
a product from them in this case bear
bile and continue to extract that
product from them until the animal
passes away and then they remove another
one from the wild
[Music]
I do think we're seeing a tipping point
it's a snowball effect of things just
going quickly we're going quicker and
we're gonna see species blinking out the
bad guys are just out stripping us in
terms of how organized they are and how
resource they are our reaction is not
keeping up with how quickly the trade is
changing and advancing
[Music]
I know absolute firm believer that you
need to be an optimist to be in
conservation
[Music]
you can have a terrible damn thing is it
all worth it you know what are we doing
here and then you look over there
anything they tell me is worth it
[Music]
[Applause]